Hey, Donna, why you looking
at your trophies all weird
and why do you have
these trophies?
They're second place trophies
from Stoolbend's
Dancing with the Stools.
It's in two weeks,
and this year I refuse to let
your parents beat me again.
It started in 1991.
I remember because I had just...
(speaking gibberish)
GUS:
And the winners of the 1991
Dancing with the Stools Dance
Championships of Dance are...
Freight Train
and Cookie Brown!
(cheering and applause)
Boom!
Uh-oh! Uh-oh! Uh-Oh!
GUS:
Hello, everyone.
It is now 1998.
Moving on, the winners of this
year's dance competition are...
our very own president
and portly intern,
Freight Train
and Cookie Brown.
Close but no cigar!
Ha ha, that sure is topical
for this period in history!
Freight Train and Cookie Brown!
I told you it was too soon.
I want a divorce.
And then I also lost to Cookie
and Freight Train from 2003
to the present,
which is this year.
And this year,
they're going down.
I'm one step ahead of you.
♪ One...
Ow! Bitch! Ow!
My anterior cruciate ligament!
Oh, Lord help me!
Looks bad.
Gonna have to put you down.
Wait, wait.
I think it might be all right.
Yup, yup, it's fine.
Now, keep practicing
while I start dinner.
(funky disco plays)
♪ My name is Cleveland Brown
♪ And I am proud to be
♪ Right back in my hometown
♪ With my new family
♪ There's old friends
and new friends ♪
♪ And even a bear
♪ Through good times
and bad times ♪
♪ It's true love we share
♪ And so I found a place
♪ Where everyone will know
♪ My happy mustached face
♪ This is The Cleveland Show. ♪
(chuckles)
Donna and I are going to win
that dance contest,
and you know why?
Please don't say it's because
you "be-Cleve" in yourself.
I can't be-Cleve
you just said that.
Nice!
Blech.
Cleveland, I didn't
know you could
so you think you can dance.
He can't.
He can't dance,
can't sing.
He can act, though.
Act like a little bitch.
(laughter)
See you at
the dance contest, Weezie.
Why does he
call you "Weezie"?
Because he thinks that
in a certain light,
I look exactly like Isabel
Sanford from The Jeffersons.
This is why Donna and I can't
use candles in the bedroom.
Hang on a second.
Ah!
Look, I need you
to babysit the kids.
What do you mean you're not
allowed to?
You played the principal
in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
You're great with kids.
Oh, I hadn't heard.
Well, may God have mercy
on your soul.
Yo, Ro, why don't you babysit?
That way we gots no one hanging
around here blap-blocking us.
You're right.
Mama, I'm 15 years old.
I can babysit Rallo.
Berta, please.
Taking care of a child is
a lot of responsibility.
You were on the Foxy Boxing tour
for half of my childhood.
22-6!
Fine.
I'll be back after rehearsal.
No blapping!
Roberta?
Rallo, leave us alone.
Go play
a video game or something.
Cool.
If you need me,
I'll be warming up some foil
in the microwave
for no reason.
(explosion)
RALLO:
Wasn't me.
And five, six, seven, eight...
Two, three,
kickball, change.
Feather step, feather step,
heel pull back, chassé, chassé,
cha-cha-cha, and heel
and turn and kick and change
and contraposta heel.
Got it?
Got it.
Five, six, seven, eight...
And jump and turn
and shimmy-shimmy sham,
and jump, jump, jump,
fleeble flooble, jumpy jump,
and dance and dance
and dance and dance.
Next.
Hey, Cleveland, I think
you lost something.
I did? What?
A dance competition.
(chuckles)
Mmm, I like
that wit.
Hey, Jew-Z.
Get off my sister.
It's time for her
to give me a bath.
You ain't Charles Barkley.
You can give yourself a bath.
Mama won't let me on account
of that time I slipped
and hit my head and was dead
for three minutes.
Well, Mama's not here
and I'm in charge,
so get up there
and take your bath.
Now, where were we?
On the 8:12 express
to Humpsylvania.
RALLO:
Roberta?
Help!
There are some
problems up here!
Ugh, be right back.
Oops, foot's asleep.
(grunting)
I forgot the order
of how you do this.
(frustrated grunt)
How the hell...
I have to go
to the bathroom.
So go.
Mama always holds me
over the toilet at night.
Why?
Uh, because I don't want
an alligator sneaking up through
the hole and bitin' my doodle.
(groans)
At least somebody
gettin' they doodle bit.
Time for the big lift.
Ready?
Ready.
Ow!
I thought you
were lifting me.
Why would I lift you?
You're stronger.
Are you guys
almost finished?
You promised we'd go to
the buffet at Sizzler after.
Pudding! Croutons!
Sorry, Junior,
but we're not going anywhere
until we get
this routine down.
(sighs)
Dad, it's easy.
Look.
(music starts)
It's a simple promenade,
with a guapacha figure
on the eighth measure.
Cleveland, you're out.
(gasps)
Me and Junior are
winning this contest!
Now I know how Halle Berry
feels every three months.
I'm sorry, honey,
but I consider myself
the LeBron James of regional
Virginia ballroom dancing.
And, well, this Bron-Bron's
gotta ditch Cleveland, too.
Whoo!
Donna, no!
That's anthrax!
What?!
Why do you have anthrax?!
For my feet, Donna!
For my stinky feet!
(screaming, coughing)
And then at rehearsal,
when you transitioned
from a Musette to a Viennese
to a Lindy Hop,
I was like, "What?"
Well, you didn't show it
because you didn't miss a step.
You're like a perfectly
round Baryshnikov.
And you're like
a full-figured Gregory Hines.
Gregory Hines is dead.
Cleveland,
instead of moping around
like a jealous little girl
who can't dance,
why don't you find something
useful to do, like...
uh, marry all the Pert Plus
bottles in the shower.
Okay.
What would you say
if I told you
I took my two best capes,
cut 'em, hemmed 'em,
and bedazzled the bahemus
out of them?
You are a great seamstress.
Seamster.
Huh, what do you call
a male seamstress?
A homosexual.
Are we recycling
these or what?
I don't care.
Do whatever you want.
Pert! Pert!
I'm never washing
my hair again.
Cleveland, is this about me
replacing you with your son
as my partner for
the dance competition?
Are you serious?
Are you really asking me
that question?
What else could it be about?
Well, the Pert.
Of course it's not
about the Pert!
Pert is an effective shampoo
and an intermittently
painful lubricant.
Now, I'm going to enter
that competition
and win it without you!
(laughing)
But Cleveland,
you're a terrible dancer
and you don't
have a partner.
Then I shall find one.
And we will win.
And she and I will dance
on your grave!
I really went too far
with the whole
"dance on your grave" thing.
The competition doesn't mean
that much to me.
Although I am going to find
a partner, and we will win.
And we will dance
on your grave!
Ah, sorry about that.
Do you realize since
I've been watching you
you've gone through
24 pairs of underwear?
Maybe stop giving me a juice
every time I ask for it.
Hey, how about a juice box?
Okay.
(slurps)
Ah...
Twenty-five.
Rallo, you are so dumb!
You are really dumb.
For real.
(grunting)
I think my jeans
shrunk in the wash.
They didn't shrink,
Precious.
All you've been eating all week
is what you make for me--
Pop Tarts, mac and cheese,
chicken strips.
You're porking out,
girl.
That's why all Mom's pants
have elastic in the waist.
Really?
(relieved sigh)
Oh, yeah.
And look, it covers
the whole gut.
Wait, you're wearing
her shirt, too?
It's a one-piece.
Hey, Miss Tubbs,
have you seen Rober...
Oy vey!
Shut your mouth.
Now, I gotta go
scare everybody
by muttering while I pick up
things in the living room.
(muttering):
Damn shoes on the table.
No coaster usin'...
break your neck...
Wow, you were right.
There's so much more
to the world of dance
than just makin' it clap.
That's right, Miss Donna.
And once I finish
this ice cream,
let's krump over to that cannoli
cart for dessert.
Oh, Junior, if you didn't exist,
I'd have to mold you
out of an enormous
piece of clay.
(laughter)
CLEVELAND:
My whole life, I knew if you
needed a dancer in Stoolbend,
there was only one place to go.
But since Dancytown was
destroyed in a fire,
I decided to try Little Moscow.
Excuse me,
are any of you dancers?
You are in Little Moscow.
Everyone is dancer.
Or criminal.
Most are criminal.
Well, how would you
like to be my partner?
I'll pay you, of course.
Is deal.
But is rules.
No kissing on mouth,
no Leningrad Steamer.
No, no, I mean
dance partner.
And then Svetlana
get green card?
Of course!
(chuckles quietly):
No.
(salsa music plays)
Ooh, Junior,
you dance the salsa
as well as you eat it, baby.
Miss Donna, on the
mean streets of Quahog,
you either got a wicked
jump shot, sell rock or dance.
How'd you get so good?
I was kidnapped by Rick James
for three months.
I bet you have a lot
of nice stories.
Wow, Grandpa Freight Train,
are those tap shoes?
Yeah, just a little
something extra
we're putting
into our routine.
Check this out.
(tap shoes clacking)
Look at me go.
We're in trouble,
Miss Donna.
Oh, hello, former partner,
current son,
and occasional father.
Meet my new partner.
Her name is Svetlana
and she's Russian.
So you know
what that means.
She buys sweatsuits in bulk?
No.
She smokes in the shower?
She has a screwdriver wound
on her neck?
In kidney.
No!
It means she's
an amazing dancer.
And check out
her back muscles.
Donna, you want to show her
your weird stretch-marky back?
(laughs)
Just kidding.
No one wants
to see that.
You really want to beat
stretch mark wife at dance?
Sí.
Why you such
male seamstress?
Only one way
to learn dance.
Baseball, chin hairs on
ladies, Rosie O'Donnell.
Jimmy!
♪
It's like we're
Danny and Sandy.
(laughs)
We go together like shoo-bop
sha-wad-da-wad-da
yippity boom-de-boom.
In Russia we have saying:
"If you want to beat wife
in friendly competition,
you commit adultery with
stranger at dance practice."
And has that led
to a vibrant economy?
I bet Cleveland's not having
as much fun as we are!
Whee!
(laughs nervously)
Babushka!
You make sex on me.
Nyet!
I'm a myarried myan.
(Donna laughs)
Run away with me.
Junior!
Oh, my God, you're my...
Junior, stop that!
You can't kiss me!
I'm your stepmother!
But... we're in love.
What are you talking about?
We've spent every day
for the past two weeks
locked in each other's arms.
We shared a cannoli.
You took my cannoli.
Oh, Junior, I'm so sorry.
I'm sure I'm to blame for this,
but you need to know that...
(hushes her)
Shh, I get it.
You need time
to process this.
But don't take too long.
You are 42.
There you are!
Don't hit me!
Nothing happened
with Svetlana!
We're done.
I told her
I'm a married man,
and that's my own fault
and I have to deal with it.
Cleveland,
that's not why I'm here.
Junior kissed me.
What? Who cares?
Junior kisses everybody.
He kisses the mailman.
Not on the lips.
Well, if it's a parcel...
You're not hearing me.
He   kissed mkissed me.
Junior's in love with me.
Wow.
How could this have happened?
Oh, right, you dumped
your spouse
for your hormonal
teenage stepchild.
What'd you expect,
Woody Allen?
Remember that with him and
Sun-chi or whatevers it was?
Cleveland, what are
we gonna do about this?
We're gonna handle this
the way we make love.
I'm gonna lie back
and do nothing
while I watch you squirm.
Okay, fine, you're right.
I should never have dumped you.
And?
I'm sorry.
I'd like you to be
my partner again.
And?
(sighs)
Talk to Junior
and I'll let you put that
Gilbert Gottfried statue
in our front yard.
Yay!
Ding-dong!
Yo, I said ding...
Dang!
Why come you wearing
yo ma's wig?
Rallo put a wad of gum
in my hair,
then he tried to get it out
with a sparkler.
RALLO:
Gum's out,
isn't it?
Why don't you call me
as soon as it grows back?
A'ight?
(tires screeching)
Oh, well.
Ain't nothing some ham salad
can't fix.
Junior, there's
something important
I want to talk
to you about...
You're getting
a spray tan?
Everyone on a dance show
has a spray tan.
Plus, it's got glitter in it.
It does?
Donna says that something
happened the other night.
She told you?
Well, you were gonna find out
sooner or later.
Yes. We kissed.
Twice.
Twice?!
She didn't say that.
Well, she's a class act.
She's not gonna rub
your nose in it.
Not my Donna.
Thank you, Alejandro.
All right, I'm ready
for my waxing.
(screams)
Thank you, Mishmosh.
Now, what were you saying
about my Donna?
Your Donna?
Junior, this is ridiculous.
She's my wife.
But now she's found a younger,
more vital, smarter...
(quietly):
or stupider...
(normally):
man who has aspirations
greater than being
a cable installer.
I'll have you know
that in three years
I hope to be working
for Enterprise Car Rental.
I've already purchased
my short-sleeved,
ill-fitting dress shirt.
Dad, could you just bow out
with a little grace,
so I could keep one scrap
of respect for you?
I want you to know,
you're always gonna be
a part of our lives.
Let's call it six weeks
for you to find a place?
That seems fair.
You've been so good
through all of this.
♪
(slurping)
Hold up!
I'm your father,
and I don't have to
leave my wife for you.
But Dad...
And she's certainly
not gonna leave me.
I guess you're right.
We are done
with this nonsense.
You hear me?
Yes, Dad.
And good luck at
the dance competition.
I'll be rooting for you two.
Thank you.
If you need me,
I'll be in my new apartment,
which is awesome.
Gas range, central air,
ceiling fan, call waiting...
All that.
Bye!
Swim pool, common room
you can sign up for...
Bye again.
(audience cheering)
(chewing loudly)
Cleveland, remember
when you told me
to tell you when you're
going (chewing loudly)?
Well, you're doing it.
I can't help it.
I'm so nervous
for you or me
about losing
this competition
to whoever this
was important to.
(groans)
Here's
the situation.
You about to lose.
And I'm Snooki.
Next up...
Please let it be magic.
Nope, more dancing.
The Browns.
(audience hooting and cheering)
CLEVELAND JR.:
Excuse me!
(audience gasps)
Sometimes people don't think
the world will accept them
for who they are
and what they love.
And I think that's
true of you, Miss Donna.
But right now, I'm gonna let
the world know how I feel.
Oh, God.
So Donna Tubbs Brown...
Will you marry me?
AUDIENCE:
Aw...
No, I'm not gonna marry you.
(audience boos)
I'm his stepmother.
(audience exclaims)
Ew!
But we're soulmates.
We're meant to be together.
But Junior,
I don't love you.
(gasps)
(audience boos)
Let me finish.
I don't love you that way.
I love you as a mother.
AUDIENCE:
Aw...
And I think if you look
inside yourself,
you'll realize that
you love me the same way.
Wow.
Maybe because my actual mom
and I were never close,
I got confused.
Aw, Junior.
Come here... son.
AUDIENCE:
Aw...
You know, Miss Donna,
you're a real MILF.
AUDIENCE:
Ew!
"Mom I'd Like as a Friend."
AUDIENCE:
Oh... okay.
Are you gonna dance or what?
Junior, what do you think?
I think we should win
this thing.
As mother and son.
And nothing more.
♪
(audience cheers)
Roberta, we won!
Is what I would have said
if I'd competed.
And won.
But your mother and Junior...
came in fourth.
I'm Captain Naked!
Floppy, floppy,
floppy...
Roberta?!
Ooh, girl,
you're lookin' good!
Well, thanks
for watching Rallo.
Now you can go do whatever
you're gonna do with Federline.
Oh, no!
I am not coming within
a country mile of anything
that might give me one of those.
(chuckling)
Yeah, that's what I thought
when I was your age.
Then guys start
growing mustaches
and all your rules
go out the window.
For what it's worth,
I think you'd make a good mom.
Real good.